---
sidebar_position: 5
description:
  A short guide on how to integrate dyte and how dyte works with your
  application
---

# Lead Ride Design Space

focusing on happy living and the reasons for cycling and walking , creating the
momentum and energy needed to unite and pedal together.

## Design Space

'Make conceptual design decisions based on insights gained and ideas generated
in the course of Lead Ride Exploration.' The conceptual aspects forming the
Design Space provide a map of potential design decisions to be made in order to
make Active Mobility Transformation real.

- Actively engaging in change, and achieving coherence across different domains
  relevant to its endeavors.
- It involves aligning different viewpoints to unveil opportunities and
  constraints,
- Ultimately coming to a clear vision of a desired future state.

## Communication

How will people exchange Communication in Lead Ride via what channels and in
what particular business contexts?

### Key Messages to be conveyed,

- wellness
- easy mobiloity
- happy city
- healthy people

### Media choice

Omnichannel - Such Communication Design work is driven by the interplay of
medium and message, with digital channels used in a physical reality.
![](https://i.imgur.com/GSdR4jZ.png)

### Positioning and Design Strategy

Lead Ride as a brand would like to position itself as a unifier and a enabler
for active mobility. We want to make active mobility happen everywhere and for
this we create a strong and distinct visual identity that resonates with
citizens, students and also the leadership. o “cycling together.” - With this
mission we want to communicate to the leadership the immense possibilities of
cycling and how transformation can be done using the lead ride platform.

{' '}

<img src="/static/system/omin.svg" alt="Book a demo" />

### Lead Ride Asset Creation

Lead Ride will create multiple assets which could be used by every city and
every university - and enrich their living with bikes by associating with
different brands. Lead Ride will work with brands and partners across industries
and sectors

- To create culture/behavior changing campaigns,
- Compelling content on active mobility
- Raise awareness on active mobility. Now we want to work with you.

![](https://i.imgur.com/hjIMmpw.png)

### Lead Ride Expression

Lead Ride will use active mobility to express - wellness, easy mobility and
happy cities. Showcase how the cities that are at the forefront of active
mobility are enabling citizens to live a satisfied life.

![](https://i.imgur.com/IVXOSei.png)

### Lead Ride Communication

Onichannel marketing strategy - a consistent and cohesive experience on every
channel, both online and offline. It's designed with the customer experience
(CX) in mind, and it provides a convenient interaction at every touchpoint —
whether that's social media, text messaging, voice, chat, or another medium to
embrace Active Mobility.

![](https://i.imgur.com/Bnfy638.png)

## Information

Lead Ride will work with leading ecosystem partners to make available critical
data for active mobility public. We will use the information of budget
allocation - project status - and critical support for funding various
initiatives and getting everyone in the active mobility space ride and
contribute together.

## Interaction

### Round Table

### Virtual Meetups

### Conference & Summits

### Workding Groups

## Operation

Operation Lead Ride Business processes & lead Ride capabilities for Active
Mobility success;

The Operation aspect is about the way the enterprise carries out its activities,
both human work and automated procedures. Applied in Business Architecture work,
it means identifying business drivers and reshaping flows of work to make your
enterprise perform better.

## Organization

## Technology

Eventually Lead Ride will have a interactive platform that will enable the lead
ride community to interact with each other easilly.

![](https://i.imgur.com/sJfuNHw.png)

Hyperlocal Neighbourhood Cycling Networks: Building Social Capital and
Empowering Active Mobility Communities.
